Create TLS Flags Temporary Registry (#22)
tlswg/wg-materials: TLS Flags/README.md

# TLS Flags

> This is a list of TLS Flags. Additions to this list are approved the [TLS WG Chairs](mailto:tls-chairs@ietf.org).

Author: ```suggestion
This is a list of TLS Flags. Additions to this list are approved the [TLS DEs](mailto:tls-reg-review@ietf.org).
```

Reviewer: K
